Documentation update for new ZADD GT and LT options (#1397)
redis/redis-doc: commands/zadd.md

The score values should be the string representation of a double precision floating point number. `+inf` and `-inf` values are valid values as well.

ZADD options
---

ZADD supports a list of options, specified after the name of the key and before
the first score argument. Options are:

* **XX**: Only update elements that already exist. Never add elements.
* **NX**: Don't update already existing elements. Always add new elements.

> * **LT**: Only update existing elements if the new score is **less than** the current score. Adds new elements unless used with **XX**.
> * **GT**: Only update existing elements if the new score is **greater than** the current score. Adds new elements unless used with **XX**.

Reviewer: I think that mixing XX into that description is harder to understand.
i guess the intention was that it updates only if less/greater than, but can also add new one.
```suggestion
* **LT**: Only update existing elements if the new score is **less than** the current score. This flag doesn't prevent adding new elements if one doesn't exist.
* **GT**: Only update existing elements if the new score is **greater than** the current score. This flag doesn't prevent adding new elements if one doesn't exist.
```

Author: You could drop the "if one doesn't exist" part, since that's the definition of a new element.

Reviewer: updated.. does that reflect the original intent better? (better than "unless used with XX")

Author: I think that's a good phrasing.  It was difficult to find a short way to say that.

As for how the options are arranged, it will probably show up like this:
**ZADD key [NX|XX] [GT|LT] [CH] [INCR] score member [score member ...]**

I figured that was simpler than trying to do the technically more accurate:
**ZADD key [NX|[[XX] [GT|LT]]] [CH] [INCR] score member [score member ...]**

Reviewer: I agree
